All my friends had cell phones and they're like 13 or 14 and it was kind of it was kind of rough growing up
I go out with my friends and they are talking on their cell phone
They're texting and they're they're doing all types of things and they're like, hey, would your cell phone? Can I have your number?
I don't I don't have one
You know, it's got a kind of sad story
Cell phones are so much more than just an actual phone. It's a GPS
Got a computer in there. You can send emails text messages. I just I love texting
And my parents would say put it down. Not that I was doing anything wrong, but I was just I was using it so much
It's very easy to get emotionally involved through text messages. For example, you say, oh, I miss you
No one really wants to say that out loud if you don't really know the person that well
But you can say it in a text message and you stir up emotions in the other person
Just through texting you talk to them so much more easily. You could say things that you wouldn't normally say
So it's really up to you on how you choose to communicate with this wonderful tool that you have